HTTPS everywhere (#481)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/tutorials/jupyter-datahub-virtual-machine/_index.md

[assign it a public IP](../../compute/cloud-compute/faq/#how-can-i-assign-a-public-ip-to-my-vm)
so you can reach it from your computer.

### Step 2: Get a hostname and certificate for your VM

Your VM is ready to be accessible, but runs a plain HTTP server, which is not
secure enough. If you try to connect with your browser to your VM, you will get
a message as shown in the screenshot below:

![no-https](no-https-datahub-vm.png)

> You can enable HTTPS to encrypt requests and responses, thus making your VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must enable HTTPS to encrypt requests and responses, thus making your VM
```

Or at least should.

safer and more secure.

> First, you need a valid name for your VM. You can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, you need a valid name for your VM. You can use the
```

[FedCloud Dynamic DNS](https://nsupdate.fedcloud.eu) to create a name. See
[Dynamic DNS docs](../../compute/cloud-compute/dynamic-dns/) for more
information on the service. Once you have your name ready, assign it your VM's
IP.

> Second, you need to get a certificate to enable HTTPS. The VM has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondly, you need to get a certificate to enable HTTPS. The VM has
```

[certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/) already installed, you just need to run it
with the hostname you have allocated and your email address as shown here:

```shell
# log into your VM
$ ssh ubuntu@<your VM's IP>
# now request the certificate
$ sudo certbot --nginx -d <your registered name> -m <your email>
```

Finally, open your browser and go to `https://<your registered name>/` to see
Jupyter started. Follow next steps for getting the credentials to access the
service.

{{% alert title="Enabling insecure access" color="Danger" %}} If you really need

> to use HTTP (e.g. your VM is running without inbound connectivity and cannot

Author: ```suggestion
to use HTTP (e.g. your VM is not accessible publicly and you cannot
```

Author: is this better?

create a certificate for it), you can disable the error shown by default in the

> nginx configuration.

Reviewer: I would expect that if someone is trying to access the VM on http, there is some inbound connectivity, maybe we should replace by something like public or saying it's used "internally"?
Is this kind of setup something that is really used?

Reviewer: OK, it's a fair use case.
